Otherwise what
Ouch dear, look at your good daughter
He gives people a good face as soon as he comes up
You have to get out
This is the process of accepting and saving you.
Tonight?
Your mother passed away many years ago
Now Meng Lan is willing to be with me
Dad wants your blessing.
Dad, how can you find such a woman?
presumptuous
What kind of woman is he?
It's your turn to judge
Is it you?
Leave the young master of the Sun family, and Sun will not marry in his younger year
Just found such a down-and-out family waste
Uncle Shu
My name is Lu Ran
I don't know what you call behind the weak and broad family
What do you mean?
Hahahaha
When the Lu family's father was destroyed
There's nothing you can do.
If I had a son-in-law like you
It was the misfortune of my uncle's family
Dad, this marriage was decided by grandpa
It's a woman
Have you ever considered your grandfather's feelings?
It's not your turn to worry
Dad, stop talking
Quickly apologize to your cute aunt
Otherwise
Get out of here!